How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I was able to pin point the mistake by seeing the differeces between the 
    previous working file and buggy file.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having easy access to the entire history of a file system gives me control 
    to see the revisions of the code and to track progress of the project. 
    It also gives me ability to correct bugs or take an entirely different
    path for development.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros : 
    		1) Gives better commits as user can best decide when to commit.
    		2) It will create less errors as commits will be meaningful.

    Cons:
    		1)User may forget to commit.
    		2)User commit decisions are not always best.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

   Vesion Control systems like git allow saving of multiple file in one commit, 
   while others like Google Docs treat each file separately because git is mostly 
   use for projects, where multiple files are related, while others like google 
   plus are mostly used for single files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I can use git log command to view history of file by typing git log into git 
    bash window. This command show all the commits during the history of the files. 
    Git diff shows differences between two commits and can be invoked by using the 
    command as git diff id1 id2.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I would be a lot more confident to make changes that could break something since 
    I can revert those changes using version control.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to try git for android app development.
